POWER UP YOUR PUCKER WITH THE BEST LIP MAKEUP, FROM LIPSTICK TO LIP PENCILS

Pouty perfection is easy with the right lip makeup. We have much more than lipstick. You’ll find lip plumper and lip liner formulas designed to make your lips stand out if you want. Or go more subtle with lip balm that helps hydrate and nourish lips and an application of clear lip gloss for a natural look. The lip makeup comes in a variety of shades, and you’ll find liquid and solid lipstick so it’s easy to create everyday and special event looks that make the most of your pucker power.

Lip makeup is all about finding the right lipstick. We have a wide variety of lipstick choices, from legendary Hollywood shades to more subtle but still lip-smacking colors. Look for lipstick that is long-wear and water-resistant, and you won’t have to reapply color for longer throughout the day. You can find lipstick in solid and liquid forms so you can easily paint your lips with your favorite hue without worrying about smudging, budging or feathering.

Further make lips stand out with lip plumper and lip liner, like a lip crayon. We have lip liners that also act as a primer for better application of lipstick. The best lip liners glide on smoothly to accentuate your cupid’s bow for fullness, or you can line the inside edges of your lips for a slimming effect. For an even more perfect pout, use a lip plumper. Moisturizing lip pumpers are packed with nourishing ingredients to revitalize lips for a kissable pucker.

For extra protection for lips or days you want to go lighter, use lip gloss and lip balms. Find a clear lip gloss made of moisturizing ingredients to leave a lustrous shine solo or over your favorite lipstick shade. Lip balms can also be used solo to maintain hydration and nutrition, or you can use the balm under your favorite lipstick makeup, knowing you’re improving the overall health and condition of your lips. With all the lipstick formulas, you have a lot of choices for everyday and special events.